
#### Singapore to Regulate Crypto-Based Businesses, Not Cryptocurrency Itself
#blockchain, #cryptocurrency, #world, #singapore  
Mr. Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Singapore’s Deputy Prime Minister, Coordinating Minister for Economic and Social Policies, has stated that the Singaporean regulator did not recognize bitcoin as legal tender, and that the MAS will likely seek to regulate companies providing bitcoin payment services, rather than the cryptocurrency itself.  
https://news.bitcoin.com/singapore-to-regulate-cryptocurrency-based-businesses-not-cryptocurrency-itself/

#### IMF Could Issue International Cryptocurrency to Replace Dollar?
#blockchain, #cryptocurrency  
The dollar as the reserve currency for much of the world’s transactional volume means that some major global economies may want a new digital currency to function as the reserve. The IMF coin could potentially replace the dollar in that context, should it become widely accepted. In such a case, the dollar and other national currencies would be restricted to local markets.  
https://cointelegraph.com/news/imf-could-issue-international-cryptocurrency-to-replace-dollar

#### Altcoin Exchange Performs First Atomic Swap Between Bitcoin and Ethereum
#blockchain, #bitcoin, #ethereum  
The decentralized cryptocurrency trading platform Altcoin Exchange announced the team performed the first atomic swap between the Ethereum and Bitcoin blockchains. The exchange says this is the startup’s first step towards creating a trustless exchange process.  
https://news.bitcoin.com/altcoin-exchange-performs-first-atomic-swap-between-bitcoin-and-ethereum/

#### Madhya Pradesh announces ₹2 lakh to widows for remarriage
#india  
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday announced that his government will be providing financial assistance of ₹2 lakh to widows who want to remarry. Singh also listed several measures that will be implemented by his government, including policies to ensure that daughters get their share in parental property.  
https://www.outlookindia.com/newsscroll/mp-govt-to-provide-rs-2-lakhs-to-widows-for-remarriage/1163468?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle
