
#### Google officially flips on Project Loon in Puerto Rico
#technology  
Alphabet's Project Loon, which on October 20 announced that it had officially switched on its balloon-powered internet for some Puerto Rican residents. That's right giant balloons are providing digital connectivity for some people who might otherwise go without.  
http://mashable.com/2017/10/20/puerto-rico-project-loon-internet/?utm_cid=hp-h-4#nmlMPfA4Lgqs

#### One bitcoin is now worth more than $6,000 for the first time
#blockchain, #bitcoin  
The value of one bitcoin climbed over $6,000 for the first time on Friday less than two weeks after it pushed past $5,000. It's unclear why Bitcoin has risen at this rate in October. Observers have thrown out a few guesses, including that perhaps a shortage of physical money in Zimbabwe is driving up Bitcoin's value.   
http://mashable.com/2017/10/20/bitcoin-6000/?utm_cid=hp-h-16#8f.pvmDEomqB

#### MIT Issues First Digital Diplomas Using Blockchain Technology
#blockchain  
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has issued Blockchain-based digital certificates to more than 100 graduates as part of a pilot program as of mid-October 2017. The pilot project is the result of the collaboration between MIT and software firm Learning Machine, which jointly created the Blockcerts open standard in 2016.  
https://cointelegraph.com/news/mit-issues-first-digital-diplomas-using-blockchain-technology

#### MasterCard Announces Blockchain B2B Payments Despite Rejection of Bitcoin
#blockchain  
MasterCard recently announced a way for businesses to make direct business to business (B2B) payments over their Blockchain technology-based network. The company has dubbed its offering “MasterCard Blockchain API,” and it will be debuted at the Money 20/20 Hackathon in Las Vegas in a few days.  
https://cointelegraph.com/news/mastercard-announces-blockchain-b2b-payments-despite-rejection-of-bitcoin

#### Spanish government to impose direct rule on Catalonia
#world  
The Spanish government has suspended Catalonia’s autonomy and will introduce direct rule from next Saturday as the country sinks further into its worst constitutional crisis since the restoration of democracy in 1977.  
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/oct/21/spain-prepares-to-seize-powers-from-catalonia

#### Digital Payment Companies To Meet RBI As They Fear New PPI Guidelines May Impact Mobile Wallets
#india, #business  
The Payments Council of India, an industry grouping, has already written to RBI seeking a hearing on issues they deem as critical to the nascent payments industry. As per these digital payment companies, some of the new norms could severely cripple the industry and make the mobile wallet business unviable.  
https://inc42.com/buzz/digital-payments-fear-ppi-guidelines-mobile-wallets/
