
#### Original IDs mandatory for bank transactions above ₹50,000
#india, #economy  
The government has made it mandatory for banks and financial institutions to check the original identification documents for transactions above ₹50,000 or opening a new bank account. The rule requires the reporting entity to compare the copy of valid identification document produced by the client with the original. The step aims to combat money laundering and generation of black money.  
http://www.businesstoday.in/current/economy-politics/government-id-mandatory-cash-transaction/story/262427.html?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Lewis Hamilton wins US Grand Prix, one race away from title
#sports  
Mercedes' British driver Lewis Hamilton won the US Grand Prix on Sunday, leaving him 66 points ahead in the drivers' championship table. Hamilton was presented with the winner's trophy by former US president Bill Clinton before being interviewed by eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt. Hamilton needs to finish inside the top-five in Mexico to seal his fourth title.  
http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/lewis-hamilton-us-grand-prix-sebastian-vettel-usain-bolt/1/1073126.html?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Govt plans cyber security cess on digital payments: Reports
#india  
The government is considering imposing a cyber security cess on each online payment, according to reports. This cess, like the Swachh Bharat Cess, could be used to create better infrastructure to secure digital transactions. The Department of Financial Services along with Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and the Home Ministry are planning such a proposal, reports added.  
http://www.timesnownews.com/business-economy/article/digital-payments-may-cost-more-as-centre-mulls-cyber-security-cess-reports/110978?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Delhi's Kotla stadium gate to be renamed after Sehwag
#india  
A gate of the Feroz Shah Kotla stadium in New Delhi will be renamed after cricketer Virender Sehwag, in honour of the former Delhi player. Sehwag is expected to inaugurate the gate on October 31, a day before the opening T20I between India and New Zealand. The inauguration event will reportedly be attended by several former and current Indian cricketers.  
http://www.cricketcountry.com/news/feroz-shah-kotla-delhi-to-feature-virender-sehwag-gate-653981?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Don't need to stand up in theatres to be patriotic: SC judge
#india  
Supreme Court judge Justice DY Chandrachud has observed that a person doesn't need to stand up during the National Anthem in theatres to prove his/her patriotism. Justice Chandrachud is part of a three-judge bench hearing a petition to recall the 2016 SC order which mandated people to stand up when the National Anthem is played before movie screenings in theatres.  
http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/dont-need-to-stand-up-in-movie-halls-to-prove-patriotism-sc/1/1073606.html?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Payments startup Cashfree raises ₹77 lakh from Y Combinator
#startups, #india  
Bengaluru-based payments startup Cashfree has raised over ₹77 lakh in seed funding from Silicon Valley-based accelerator Y Combinator. The startup's Founders Reeju Datta and Akash Sinha said the funds will be utilised for product development and hiring individuals to sales and engineering platforms. Founded in 2015, Cashfree lets Indian businesses automate bank transfers and accept card payments.  
https://yourstory.com/2017/10/cashfree-raises-funds-silicon-valley-accelerator-y-combinator/?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### US researchers develop transparent solar cells
#technology  
A team led by Michigan State University engineers have developed transparent solar cells with efficiencies above 5% while traditional solar panels are 15-18% efficient. Researchers claim the technology has the potential to meet 40% of energy demands of the US, if it was used in place of the estimated 5-7 billion square meters of the country's glass surface.  
http://msutoday.msu.edu/news/2017/transparent-solar-technology-represents-wave-of-the-future/?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=fullarticle

#### Japan's Shinzo Abe hails landslide victory in snap election
#world  
Abe's ruling coalition has won a clear majority with more than two-thirds of Parliament's 465 seats, with the Liberal Democratic Party holding a majority even without its coalition partner, the Komeito party, he told reporters Monday. The win puts him on course to be post-war Japan's longest-ever serving prime minister, and Abe is expected to use his new mandate to push for overhauls to the country's defense strategy and pacifist stance.  
http://edition.cnn.com/2017/10/22/asia/japan-election-results/index.html

#### Rajasthan tables Criminal Laws Amendment Bill amid uproar
#india  
Amid uproar from the Opposition Congress, Rajasthan Home Minister Gulabchand Kataria on Monday tabled in the Assembly a Bill to replace the ordinance to protect serving and former judges, magistrates and public servants from being investigated for on-duty action without government sanction.  
http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/other-states/uproar-in-rajasthan-assembly/article19907226.ece
